[Music]
mr. Sakawa may I present miss Roxanne
cause it is a great pleasure the
pleasure's all mine
[Music]
I'm with International Committee of the
Red Cross our demands all political
prisoners must be free it is up to the
government if there is blood it will be
on their hands no one has to die
we'll have to some day
[Music]
he's always smooth by your work he must
love opera
for him your voice his father bassam
Sookie more calabaza
yes Porter Porter
is it true that the government is
considering shooting a song guava
vanilla says to pin it on the rebels we
need to free your brothers and sisters
we will not surrender to these
government criminals
we shear her only her the gusto llama
second
oh yeah awesome
how did I do we will not last long here
so that our girl unique here now more
than four
[Music]
I want you to see look at without them
when they shoot the beautiful boys
perhaps they will find a solution
[Music]
I think I should say
I want you to sing loudly not let these
animals outside in here
it's time
[Music]
you